# Java Action: TransformResponsesToMxObjects

> The `TransformResponsesToMxObjects` activity allows you to transform the list of `HttpResponse` objects into objects of the entity of your choice. This is necessary as the HttpResponse contains the returned data in an array of arrays (instead of a list of objects which we could import with a default import mapping), where one array is one row of the table, looking similar to this: "data" : [ ["56","9.2","719.00","null","0.00"], ["98","20.4","984.80","null","0.00"], ["46","13.4","1022.80","null","0.00"], ["16","4.7","956.00","null","0.00"] ] The operation requires a list of `HttpResponse` objects and the entity of the objects that you would like to create with the received information. It returns a list of Mendix objects of the entity given in the input. | Input | Output | | --- | --- | | `HttpResponseList`, `EntityType` | `{EntityType}ObjectList` | To showcase this, we have created an example entity in the domain model of the connector: | ExampleObject | | --- | | `ATTR_TXT` (string) | | `ATTR_INT` (integer) | | `ATTR_LONG` (long) | | `ATTR_BOOL` (Boolean) | | `ATTR_DECI` (decimal) | | `ATTR_ENUM` (enumeration) | | `ParsedDate` (date and time)| This entity is only an example. You must review properties such as the naming of the attributes, what datatypes they have or in which order they are added, and configure them according to your needs. This information is important after the entity has been decided on and the data will be received from a Snowflake account. The order in which you receive the columns from a Snowflake table, the name of these columns as well as the datatypes of these values must match the entity that you have selected. For example, a table in Snowflake may contain multiple columns named `column1, column2,.......,column8`. To retrieve data from the column, create `ExampleObject` objects and display them on a page, you must execute an SQL statement that would retrieve the table columns with the name of my attributes and have the same datatypes. After making sure that the datatypes in Snowflake and Mendix match, you can execute a statement such as the one shown in the following example: ```sql SELECT column1 as ATTR_TXT, column2 as ATTR_INT, column3 as ATTR_LONG, column4 as ATTR_BOOL, column5 as ATTR_DECI, column6 as ATTR_ENUM FROM your_table ``` This statement returns data from a Snowflake table with the columns named as specified with the `as **NewColumnName**" part` of each line. If the attribute names, datatypes and their order match, the `TransformResponsesToMxObjects` activity automatically converts the retrieved data into Mendix objects.

**Returns:** `List`

## Parameters

| Name | Type | Required |
|---|---|---|
| `HttpResponseList` | List | ✅ |
| `Entity` | Unknown | ✅ |
